hey guys
Arif got the pickle genie a1 into the
world's first accessory case for the
iPhone 4 the 4s
I put Touch 4th generation with built-in
projector extended battery power pack
and speakers as well on the side you got
the buttons the volume buttons the will
to focus your movie when you're watching
it and the bottom of the products itself
you've got the button to click it on and
on and put the extra battery power pack
on as well to to charge your iPhone or
iPod Touch TV extra battery life and the
charging port with LED light to show you
when it's charged and when it's charging
turning around a little bit
you've got the 15 lumen projector there
the little grill for the speakers which
is quite loud it's about 2 what as well
which is awesome you're not expecting a
surround sound system at least product
but it's good for the mobility of the
products as well on the other side of
the product the Pico genie logo situated
there nicely with the speakers as well
after Said's fingerprints program as
well so if you someone he's got OCD you
find yourself wiping it a lot as well
looking at the thirty p m-- pour itself
which is a palo fruit that's where you
slide your iphone into to start
projecting movie or music video or
business presentation whatever you need
to project onto a bigger screen up to
sixty inch it's not that bulky as well
which is something that's brilliant
let's light this movie in you slide your
iphone in that way speed of a tight fit
if you've got a common skin kind of
protection you
but that's not a big problem at all
follicular on and on press and hold to
switch and play a movie
iphone automatically
recognizes it and switches to air air
display mode she can see with a bright
lighting in the background it's not the
best of picture but he's still clear
enough and is still crisp so you can
still see the further quality you still
be still there
dim in the light a bit in the room you
can see you get a better picture from
your projector apologies for the music
choice music video choice there but it
was the first game that came up on my
You Tube place you can see the quality
there when he's quite dark in the room
it doesn't have to be fully dark just
didn't the light light down a lot of it
and you can still see you get a good
picture quality there and I know some of
you thinking is he easy HD display or
whatnot but sniff it's not fully HD just
a 640 by 360 quality display there once
you finish with the product just flick
it up put it on charge taking it out
again I was saying earlier it would be
of a tight fit but tight fees not always
a problem it's good to keep your phone
secure in the actual cover case open
case if you want to call it that but
here we have it the pickle Jimmy a 100
projector from personal injector Cotto
UK makes you just
you